doc: extensions: introducing kconfigdiff extension (#29647)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

Documentation
=============

> * Introduction of ref:`kconfig:kconfig_diff`, displaying differences between available kconfig options across releases.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added the :ref:`kconfig:kconfig_diff` page, displaying differences between available Kconfig options across releases.
```

Author: Done.

>   The new documentation page can be generated by enabling ``-DKCONFIGDIFF=ON``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  To generate the new documentation page, set the ``KCONFIGDIFF`` CMake option to ``ON``.
```

Author: Done.
